# Affairscrape

This helps you scraping users from Secret.de, a popular German dating site for people interested in casual relationships and extramarital adventures.

Not that I am interested: I just wanted to challenge myself with something a little bit trickier and that would have required some automation.


## Project Status

Compared to other repositories I published in [my GitHub](https://github.com/mpomar), this is more elaborated. 
On the other hand, I am not happy with the quality of the scraped information (read: it is possible to scrape more data). 

As I am not fully satisfied with the final result, I might decide to refine this further in the future. 
I always appreciate an helping hand, so do not hesitate to reach out for collaboration.

In the long run I am not planning to maintain the scripts though. Feel free to step in as a maintainer if the scope of this is particularly close to your heart (not to mention other body parts lol)!


## Description

There are two scripts to run:
1) retrieveurls.py: this allows you to login into the site and generate a list of the last 60 users that logged in (in your area)
2) parseprofiles.py: reads the .csv generated by retrieveurls.py and parse the content of each profile included in the .csv

Both scripts require credentials to login and chromedriver (I used Selenium for the automation).

The .csv file with the profiles to be scraped is called Links.csv.
The final .csv containing the scraped data is called Profiles.csv.

For each user you are going to store the following information:

- Username
- Age
- Height
- Status (single, married, etc.)
- Match percentage (based on the inputs you provided in your own profile)

## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)